Avoid snappy transitive dependency (#46)
logstash-plugins/logstash-output-webhdfs: CHANGELOG.md

## 3.1.0

>   - Fix, removed snappy gem dependency vendor directly the snappy jar. [#46](https://github.com/logstash-plugins/logstash-output-webhdfs/pull/46)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Fix: remove snappy gem as a dependency in favor of directly vendoring the snappy jar. [#46](https://github.com/logstash-plugins/logstash-output-webhdfs/pull/46)
```
